Due to a closure of I-75 between Big Beaver and Square Lake, the following routes are on detour from 10pm 2019-09-20 to 5am 2019-09-23:

**Jump to route:** (802)[#802-south-oakland-sky-line], (804)[#804-troy-sky-line], (875)[#875-auburn-hills-express-line]

# Detours by route

## 802 South Oakland Sky Line
* **Northbound:** Normal to regular end of route, then continue to left on John R (new end of route).
* **Southbound:** From WB 11 Mile / John R, continue to normal route.

## 804 Troy Sky Line
* **Northbound:** Normal to northbound I-75, keep left for Chrysler-8 Busway, turn left on 8 Mile, right on John R, left into Oakland Mall, then follow normal route 15 to Somerset (route ends here).
* **Southbound:** From Somerset Collection, follow normal route 15 to Oakland Mall, then turn right on John R, right-then-around on 8 Mile, and right on Chrysler-8 Busway; merge onto I-75 and normal route.
* **Stops:** Route 804 will stop at John R / 11 Mile (NB-#3282 and SB-#3396), Oakland Mall, Troy Nexus, along Coolidge between Maple and Somerset, and Somerset Collection. Other stops north of midtown Detroit will not be served.
* **Times:** Route 804 will leave Troy Nexus (in both directions) at the times listed for Somerset Collection, and will leave Somerset Collection (southbound) at the time listed for Troy Nexus.

## 875 Auburn Hills Express Line
* **Northbound:** Normal to northbound I-75, keep left for Chrysler-8 Busway, turn left on 8 Mile, right on John R, left into Oakland Mall, left on Elliott, right on Chicago, left on Maple, right on Coolidge, right on Golfview, left on Lakeview, left into Somerset, left on Golfview, left on Lakeview, right on Big Beaver, around-then-right on Crooks, left on Square Lake, right on Opdyke, and left on Centerpoint into the normal route.
* **Southbound:** *No southbound bus runs during the detour time.*
* **Stops:** Route 875 will stop at John R at 11 Mile (NB-#3282), Oakland Mall, Somerset Collection (#140), normal stops along Crooks, and Crooks past Corporate (NB-#99902). Other stops between midtown Detroit and Centerpoint Parkway will not be served.

# Transfer info

# Update info
* Detour was updated `~~[DATE]~~` according to [~~[SOURCE]~~](~~[SOURCE%20LINK]~~).
